DESCRIPING VULPION

You're a harbringer of Goodess
Fox being a harbringer of Kindness
Fox, the harbringer of Compassion/Empathy
Be a hardringer of Sweetness
Be a harbringer of softness (and kindness)

Fox showing compassion

Fox practising compassion
Fox exercising compassion
Fox doing compassion

Fox helping orphans
Fox helping weak
Fox helping needy
Fox helping society 
Fox taking care
Fox saving orphans
Fox reversing climate change
Fox reversing polution 
Saving orphans in foxland
Fox caring for those in need 
Fox healing wounds of Polution and instability/war
Fox caring for orphans
Fox healing hurts 
Fox building for orphans
Fox home for orphans
Fox care for orphans abandoned in war/climate change
Fox helping the weak
Fox helping the vulnerable


Sensory words! NICE WORDS

Barefoot, touched sultry comfortable abhorrent aloof euphoria  elixir solitude 
tranquility resilience lullaby opulence ethereal panacea bodacious brood evocative , 
harbinger of goodNess, cackling Ruffling rhythm scrumptious 
Cozy, curious, mischievous, playful, peaceful, proud, accepted, optimistic, trusting, 
powerful  vulnerable, abondoned, hurt, bitter, weak, rejected, 
mistreated, threatened, Boring life, stress,startled,content, confused, cheeky,
Free joyous joyful inquisitive valued loving intimate hopeful sensitive
Excluded Ridiculed Numb embarrassed empty ashamed fragile victimised isolated thumping

Landscape
Pristeen unsurpassed delightful floral sporefilled  abloom old sunkissed

SENTENCES:
Run barefoot in an aloof land and practise compassion.

Be a harbringer a goodness. 
Press your toes/paws into aloof/sunkissed/wet/cheeky sporeflora.
Gift/give your heart to animals in need. 
Smell thick, thumping earth and touch/palm unknown life.
Be a fox and show compassion.
Use the strength of your emotional capacity to soothe bitter hurts.
Be vulnerable in relationships nurtured, and heal bitter hurts.


Assort cackling, rythmic insects. 
crusade for the advancement of research.
Soothe the wounds of polution.
Mend the earth hurts of polution and resource depletion.

Be inquisitive about the uncateogrized life. 

Gift your heart to animals in need and build a life with them.
Be a fox and do/show compassion.
Cushion into your fur and show compassion.

Cushion down into relationships nurtured.


Move in ruffling lands.
Move in the cackling, ruffling land. Reach out your hand to the victimised.
Place your hand on heart of the victimised. 
Press your feet into sunkissed spores and ruffling lands. 
Touch wet leaves.
Touch bushy, gritty unknown plants.
Hear a thumping, sunkissed land. Place your hand on the heart of animals in need.
Hear the cry of animals in need, and stretch 

